# Keno Game

This program allows the user to play a simplified version of the lottery game Keno! 

### <ins>Keno Description</ins>
Keno is a simple lottery game that allows the player to win cash prizes. The player chooses the amount of spots they would like to choose. Spots are the numbers that will be used to be matched to 20 randomized numbers. The player is also able to choose the number of drawings they would like to play. This is the amount of times that 20 randomized numbers will be matched against their spots. After choosing the number of spots and drawings, the player should choose their spots or allow them to be randomized. One chosen, 20 random numbers will be drawn and compared to the player's spots. Depending on the amount of matches that are made, the user will their cash prizes.

### <ins>Project Description</ins>
The game begins on the welcome screen. Here the player can read a short description of the game. Additonally, they are able to choose between beginning the game by clicking the start button and 3 menu options. The first menu option is the rules button where the player is able to read the rules of the game. Next is the Winning Odds option where the player can view the odds of winning in correlation with the amount of spots. Lastly is the exit option, which allows the player to go back to the welcome screen. This exit option is only clickable when the player is not within the welcome screen.

After the player clicks the start button, they are able to begin playing. Here the menu options work a bit differenttly. Firstly, there is a new menu option New Look. When this option is clicked, the look of the game changes! While playing, when a user clicks the rules or winning odds options, they are taken to their respective screens. Here, the start button will take the player back to the game, right where they left off. If the player chooses to click the exit button, while on the game screen, they will be taken to the game screen. Now the start button will take them to a new game, rather than the game they were currently playing. 

Now onto the actual game! On the game screen, the user can see buttons to choose the amount of spots they would like, the amount of drawings, pick random spots, to start, and the actual spot buttons. Though they are not all available to be clicked yet. The player must first choose the amount of spots they would like to choose. Upon making their choice, the player can now choose the amount of drawings they would like to play. Next, they are able to start choosing their spots or can choose to randomize their spots. They can only choose spots up to the amount that they chose. If at any time they want their spots to be randomized, upon clicking the button, all spots that were previously chosen will be unclicked. Now the random spots will be chosen. After all the spots are chosen, the player can click the start button to move onto the drawings.

Upon clicking the start button, the player is moved to the drawing screen. Here they are able to see each of the 20 numbers being drawing. Each number is drawn a second apart, allowing the player to visualize 
the payouts for the amount of matches possible while the numbers are being drawn. Once all 20 numbers are drawn, some game information is shown to the player. They are able to see the amount of spots they matched, the specific numbers they matched, the amount they won in the current drawing, and their total amount of winnings. After, they can choose to move onto the next drawing. Once all the drawings are done, they can move onto the final screen. This screen shows the player their total amount of winnings, all of the spots they have matched, the total matches they made, and the total drawings they have played. They are then able to restart and play a new game.


<!--Link to video demonstration: [Click Me!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keno)  --> <!-- ADD LINK TO VIDEO -->
